Go High Level has 7M customers over a few years of existence, was awarded in 2025 in many fields

But note they converge a series of tools in one place, basically an aggregator...

But all the work still falls on the client (the users) who are agencies for the most part and white labels...

And then their system manages what was defined as the process...

The metrics that come back, for example, have to be analyzed by human teams and new decisions and new reworks are done by the user or a team.

People want, aspire to, and lament not being able to do some things that would change their lives, optimize and drive their business...

Go High Level proves that this desire exists...

But NexOS AI goes MUCH BEYOND...

Who creates the website?
Who creates the storytelling?
Who creates the campaigns?
Who creates the copies?
Who creates the CTAs?
Who creates the funnels?
Who analyzes and monitors the market and competitors?
Who filters potential customers?
Who manages their social media?
Who understands which creatives are good and which aren't?
Who creates the creatives? Who creates the images and videos?
Who edits?
Who understands user demand and analyzes budget, establishes the action plan, who identifies which social networks have the best return in this segment?
Who creates the groups where generated leads will be placed?
Who handles segmented communication by email message based on lead temperature?
Who organizes all of this?
How fast does it get done?

In Go High Level, when you need any other tool, you're still bouncing around. Who would do all this in NexOS AI? not you(not the client) You(client) just do the briefing...
And everything else simply appears ready for you to approve...

And then execution starts 24 hours later or less!

And every 2 hours the system monitors all metrics and in real-time creates reports and communicates internally between agents, and at the end of each day the council meets with market analysts who check the competition to see if the competitor's ad performance was better or not and why... if a new strategy should be adopted...

The paid traffic team uses the entire pixel structure and campaign types aligned with the user's campaign masterplan...

All decisions are permeated and guided by the masterplan...

No friction, no delays, no work...

Do you think the market needs to prove itself in this aspect?

The massive adoption of AI for daily work proves that the market wants and pays for this...

The great business automations of processes by AI made the great new unicorns of the modern world and this removes any doubt...

I just think whoever buys NexOS AI has to be someone who can position it as the most brutal solution that exists...